feat: allow publishing PQs from relay compiler via new `--manifest-format` argument (#1727)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/commands/persisted-queries.mdx

2. Updates any _other_ variants that the PQL is applied to so that routers associated with those variants can fetch their updated PQL.

> As with [generating manifests](/graphos/operations/persisted-queries#31-generate-persisted-queries-manifests), it's best to execute this command in your CI/CD pipeline to publish new operations as part of your app release process. This command requires your API key to have the [**Graph Admin** or **Persisted Query Publisher** role](/graphos/org/members#graph-api-key-roles); the latter is a role specifically designed to work with this command without exposing unnecessary information about your graph to users of the API key.

> #### Relay support

Reviewer: Let's call out the [minimum](https://github.com/apollographql/docs#minversion) Rover version required for this:

e.g.

```suggestion

<MinVersion version="0.0.0">

#### Relay support

</MinVersion>
```

> The `rover persisted-queries` command supports publishing [persisted queries generated by the Relay compiler](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/persisted-queries/).

Reviewer: I think using this anchor from the beginning is best since it points readers straight to the relevant section. They can always scroll up if they want more info about Relay's PQ functionality.

```suggestion
The `rover persisted-queries` command supports publishing [persisted queries generated by the Relay compiler](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/persisted-queries/#local-persisted-queries).
```

> 1. Configure the Relay compiler to output persisted queries to a known location according to [their documentation](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/persisted-queries/#local-persisted-queries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the Relay compiler to output a JSON operation manifest to a specified location according to [their documentation](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/persisted-queries/#local-persisted-queries).
```

> 1. Follow the instructions above for publishing a persisted query manifest to Apollo GraphOS and add the `--manifest-format relay` argument to the Rover command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `persisted-queries publish` command to publish the manifest to Apollo GraphOS. The command usage is the same as when publishing Apollo-generated manifests, but you must include the `--manifest-format relay` argument:

```bash
rover persisted-queries publish my-graph@my-variant \
  --manifest ./persisted-queries.json
  --manifest-format relay
  ```

```

2. Updates any _other_ variants that the PQL is applied to so that routers associated with those variants can fetch their updated PQL.

> As with [generating manifests](/graphos/operations/persisted-queries#31-generate-persisted-queries-manifests), it's best to execute this command in your CI/CD pipeline to publish new operations as part of your app release process. This command requires your API key to have the [**Graph Admin** or **Persisted Query Publisher** role](/graphos/org/members#graph-api-key-roles); the latter is a role specifically designed to work with this command without exposing unnecessary information about your graph to users of the API key.

> <MinVersion version="0.0.0">

Author: TODO: make this a real version number

Reviewer 2: Don't forget this bit

#### Relay support

</MinVersion>

The `rover persisted-queries` command supports publishing [persisted queries generated by the Relay compiler](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/persisted-queries/#local-persisted-queries).

1. Configure the Relay compiler to output a JSON operation manifest to a specified location according to [their documentation](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/persisted-queries/#local-persisted-queries).
1. Use the `persisted-queries publish` command to publish the manifest to Apollo GraphOS. The command usage is the same as when publishing Apollo-generated manifests, but you must include the `--manifest-format relay` argument:

```bash
rover persisted-queries publish my-graph@my-variant \

>   --manifest ./persisted-queries.json

Reviewer 2: Backslash at end of line?
